Oh number seven right here right now he
is 9 so report and you know my country
is going to come that's what stop Santa
filmic when that one goes off it let me
bring that the USC is nice to order
right now let's go back into the
ballgame here James Yap from outside
connecting great in room 14 yeah
register three pointers are at the
emphasis i have to say no no p.m. I mean
own topics of life another three-pointer
from James yep six game James Wow you
can't say enough about what he does for
the entire the whole complexity of the
games is changes when he's on the floor
two-point lead now for talk at tech 52
to 14 and they got go back through the
the foul on the last pledges worth
mentioning that a while ago he cannot in
the spell trouble ashworth already as
will be auntie stepping out of plague
man this 48 is a shooting three-point
line they'll come for returning the
favor with his whole three boys are now
the neat effect 2500 fun texture is
holding on here lamented
against an epoxy colon method from
Salazar and click on and nothing in the
soul for a three-pointer of Athena
society say no now p.m. if young
colonies of life Lynette a is this
turning night into day for pure fluid
draining they were down by 15 points
another racer knocking on heaven's door
50 52 53 with 50 seven years of third
and the paint's have definitely picked
up I really like the aggressiveness of
Lynn essentially he was looking for that
shot he wanted to take that shot and you
know you cannot ask for anything more
from a player-coach ten seconds of the
shot sloppy here for the blue shirt they
stood Stockstill lightning-quick out
psyche magnets are gonna know it states
and castro hang time and castro double
audience is rico rico and i'll be
studying it a little guy so he's not in
the air that last Island Jason Castro
really connecting